docs: CLI instructions (#1712)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-opensource-java: boms/cloud-oss-bom/RELEASING.md

# Cloud Libraries BOM Release

## Prerequisites 

> (Does not need to be repeated for each release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Does not need to be repeated for each release.)
```

Install the [`gh`](https://github.com/cli/cli)
tool if you not previously done so.

> Clone this repository onto your corp desktop, Ubiquity instance, or CloudTop. Do not use a laptop or personal machine as the release requires google3 access.

Reviewer: This line is long. Can you break it into two lines?

(Yes, I have CloudTop.)

> * Clone this repository onto your corp desktop, Ubiquity instance, or CloudTop. Do not use a laptop or personal machine as the release requires google3 access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clone this repository onto your corp desktop, Ubiquity instance, or CloudTop.
  Do not use a laptop or personal machine as the release requires google3 access.
```

Do it. This grants the script permission to create a PR for you on Github.

Ask a teammate to review the and approve the PR. 

### Build the release binary with Rapid (CLI)

While you should not push the final release until the PR is approved, you should kick off the  
[Rapid build](https://rapid.corp.google.com/cloud-java-tools-cloud-opensource-java-bom-kokoro-release) while you wait for approval.

Run gcert if you have not done so in the last twelve hours or so.

```
$ g4d -f bom-version
$ blaze run java/com/google/cloud/java/tools:ReleaseBom -- --version=<release version>
```

> ### Build the release binary with Rapid (Legacy web UI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Check the release status in Rapid web UI
```

I was thinking to suggest removing this section but we still need to check the web UI to see the progress.

Author: I'm not sure we need to check the UI. I need to figure out how the script can query the status to warn the user if something goes wrong. At that point it can provide a link to Rapid or the logs.

Reviewer: > At that point it can provide a link to Rapid or the logs.

That would be nice.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the progress of the Rapid workflow in [Cloud Java Tools Cloud Opensource BOM Kokoro Release](https://...)
```
